kind
Hello So today we have such an
unformatted itch two bloggers in chat
roulette
scheduled I'm Andrey Popok and
My name is Katan or Sasha most of
me know how it is
In what order
is the Russian flag read a white red
blue b blue white red c White
blue red and d Where  you were 8 years old,
how in what order And what is 8 years old
does not matter In what order is very important, but
these are answer options
Where you were 8 years old
there are no questions
In what order the Russian flag is read
white red blue
blue white red
White blue red or Red white
blue B  in what order
Where have you been for 8 years
[applause]
I think we are in danger under the guise of
posting a
message on the channel
and we
wanted to shower rich people wrote
like Here are our bloggers
here we decided for our audience the dates
such a friend the war is starting
dragged into the chat roulette
the war has begun  We started to help,
it got to the point that we bought a banal humanitarian aid there, they took it
out of the garage
there to be a convector to heat the shovels  ate
jackets in general to the maximum, well, and
somehow I was lying at night, roughly speaking,
it was that someone was serious to help him,
and the next day I saw how
some blogger still can’t find a
troll mocking Russian chat
roulette So I realized that yes, I can do this
Well, I made the first video on
Tik Tok there, literally a week later
, somewhere, and flew in You wanted to
mock the Russians Well, I wanted to
understand, I have everything in my life
happens through the prism of humor, I decided
it's such a hard time. Just when I
showed the video to my wife, who before that
cried at night, seriously, from the war,
she started laughing. It was the first time
my wife started to just smile,
laugh.
that you probably
need to deal with the
type of signet of guilt food at work in the
evenings commandant's buns where streams
leather evening wires just knock at all
with people in order to
remove these depressions from three
clear and beautiful
Putin in bunches go into the vest and pulled out
on the commandant's butterflies Give stocks of the
vest to 2
people of
our Ukrainian spectrum bloggers
in half I have in half a
humorous video then for example a
discussion of the Minsk agreements
It
was Russia that was organized, that is, I
say evidence that proves
that Russia did it
for itself, our myta, so I, for example, as
having identified for myself, then we are three target
audiences, I share the pepper of
Ukrainian Gromodians
Petrenko, the morale of Ukrainians and a
friend swam on those who now
doubt  this is our children, or
maybe we will be like this, it was Donbass and so
on another audience of Russians and nods and
the same trampolines draw us the
right information on TV
said Ukraine to you there
Donbassets bachat Live people gather
arguments we accept and the third is
also such an audience People are
like that  in  they look at us there from Kazakhstan from
other countries, according to secular ones,
I was a country, this is very, very important
Let's still write it down even if you are
already in Russian in Russian so that they
hear it too, because today I think we will
drop a lot of messengers
just for our friends from other countries there
Belarus Kazakhstan and others who
also have huge problems with Russia and
potential problems with Russia
my thought wants roulette that we should not
just make fun of it,
we should inform
the brain to beat the brain of our people
one of those reasons  why your content was
transferred to the plane of the humorous
plane of the educational let’s say so, of
course, but we, for my part, my
mission is to entertain people, give a good
mood during the war, the same
well-deserved here and to ordinary people the
same and teach people that the phrase Where have you
been for 8 years because  at the beginning it sounded
very
it was a very
well-thought-out story with psychological
pressure, that is, for the first week it
it worked well And now they all Shouted there for
8 years like a mantra it was trouble-free So
we should give our people some kind of
knowledge that we have I think this is the
first thing in the first place This is still for
our people and for the rest it is
secondary  by the way, through humor,
you can also do a lot, I liked your
video where did you ask the man about the flag
in what order
[laugh]
That’s cool too Why Because it’s
not just broken but blogic, but
they laugh like that and when you laugh they
are also very cool
I also think that the essence of
humorous humorous content of
correct humorous content
is that when people look at the Russians, that
is, when people are there because they are afraid
of something Great Power, and when people
see and think that we are fighting with these,
it was also like one  one of the goals
at the very beginning is to show that the great
people with whom we are at war are not the same
Great, this is ordinary, these are ordinary guys
who can’t damn two plus two
clever  come to life by 2 count by the way,
very often people ask me how the
audience in chat roulette has changed over these months.
these aggressive
boxes And more and more Russians are
starting to treat me adequately at least in roulette
, it’s more undulating for me, I
don’t have the same thing there was one for 10 then it
became 2 for 10 That is, one week there
one for 10 the second week 3 for  10 then
again one in 10 the general trend is somehow
noted,
I heard it I heard the thesis from many
people, somehow I had a period when
I thought that the Wave had gone downhill
and then Bach again the wave of haters
went up, that is  I can’t
track it,
I just can’t, and although I repeat, I
heard This thesis and for me it’s
amazing,
more and more videos of which I’m
interlocutor
That is, before these were episodic
now I’m looking there two in a row three in a row
there are so blurred, so that is,
it also shows that the more
there are people who somehow speak out
Well, that is, I see it, it seems to me that
this trend has started Because Many people
know When they have their first month
I’ve been on this emotionally now for six months. They all understand how it will all end. By the way, I remember my
position is a little different. God, a little different history of
statistics. As soon as I started
posting videos on YouTube on political
historical topics. As soon as I
lowered  degree of blackness Here I used
to have, that is, Stream for me is
aggression all the time for the last month I have a
degree of blackness very much
I began to write a lot of people from
Russia, that’s just a lot, that is, in
fact, this is your same statistics, it just
works for me a little on the other side
a lot of people write on Instagram
that we are from Russia, we don’t know what
to do there, we look at it, it has come to that  that
even from Russia, people started
throwing donations to me on streams, this is on my
part, this is such a trend,
and as for the blur, by the way, on the
contrary, I have more people who say
that you can
do it.
my
commentators
drowned for the fact that all the same bluid, even
if a person, if he somehow
speaks out against the politics of Russia and
he is in Russia, that’s all But even
if he is so brave,
in principle, I’m leaning towards this now, the
idea is very good, but I think  here everything is
purely individual, you need to look at a
person, for example, I had a grandfather
who cried for
him how many years 75 73
think of blurting me.
there are
people who perform
for the World Victory, so I still
bow to whom Dasha Blue was at first. How did
you just feel about it?
By the way,
you often pay attention to the opinion of
your audience, they write in the
comments there and change your mind, there is
only in relation to
constructive criticism, in general, critics
treat me very well, for example, they
asked me to reduce the rubbish on streams, they
asked me to upload normal Russians, I
listen Recently I took a picture  video with a
Russian from Russians with a Russian from
Holland he moved, he was
tortured there, in short, he had a translation of the skull
, he had a vidos with him in general, we
want to cry
and they told me that I spoke very harshly
to him, although I know for a long time it was just the
first interview I listened  to
this criticism, that is, the next interview,
I will listen softer all the
time if this criticism is
appropriate, but when they write to me, for example, I
communicate with some blogger there. For example, I
try not to be rude to him in order
not to show myself below him to the level of
passion  without obscenities passion for you and
me in the comments they write you should have with
him  harder, that is, I don’t listen to this,
it’s some Andrey Why did you
have to tell something
damn dude Look, you enter Roulette,
shoot and show a master class How
to talk,
well, well, in a warm apartment in a warm
apartment to discuss  the other side of the screen
And when you are not at all with a
blogger who has 80,000
subscribers there, there are 70,000 subscribers You
understand what you have Well, now
you are doing it there, or he is doing it for you and should
be as focused as possible And when
they say to you like, well, you should have said
that there  this is the Budapest memorandum
there or I had to show also that I’m
Rusich hello hello everyone knows the
most interesting thing yes that is what
to talk about there’s a pancake that 100 points but
you are not external Everything is shorter here at the door in
5-10 minutes and a person  so offended
Why didn’t you tell him about something I
just said about that I wouldn’t have time to
tell about it
I would people people need a show so by the way
I wanted to ask bye bye  but I didn’t forget
because we can’t forget this topic, you
volunteered water for
nowhere, that’s how it all ends at all
or doesn’t end
like Look at me Why did I make
a lot of people in the comments
Here you get there Uncle Slava he
will roll you out Uncle Slava right away
fell down running understood
everyone started writing
random people Russian bloggers
let's be competent bloggers of a
live discussion so that the
connection is not lost accidentally
attack he of course merged I wrote a video
that he merged he then recorded this
funny video where he was spinning there like
uh Carlson on this  I didn’t see it.
Here in my video there is a
link to him last. After all, he recorded
Andryushenka spinning there, I call it And if you
call it, it will cost 200 thousand
rubles per hour there, yes, he recorded the video
like that In short, if a duel, then like it
will cost  200.000 rubles per hour, that is,
like this This is ridiculous, I'm ready
to pay, and if you meet him in chat
roulette,
now it's free, I won't talk
why
technologies are so you saw them They
just hype on deaths you know
how now we will get to this and
I just want to think my most important
thing to express what worries me Please tell me
you didn’t think that if
for example you are like him Well  look from my
side Yes, what you called like it’s a
direct revolution of the world of chatrulets I
have never seen this, that is, in fact
It’s not in Battle Red in the world of chat roulette
you’re not afraid that if he agreed
and everyone was chained to the screen For
example  how it was with oxymiron and
purulent, I don’t know
that they had a Battle, but I don’t know their
details Yes, you’re not afraid that
later it would all turn into a show, that
is, our Ukrainians would For example, chat
roulette players started under the guise of Battle just to break the hyips of grandma
and everything is
so complicated and a lot of hodovka I Well, let’s say
you are now calling Losev in
fact, here you are, it’s all stretching,
his subscribers will start writing to him that Here And
there I hear you go, they will write to you
For example, what happened to him Come on,
you see another video about Losevo, you see the duel, the
duel will be good Everything will be
chained to the screen Half of our
tape users will understand that this is hype, this is
money, almost all chat users in Russia will understand
that this is hype, this is money And it will be
some kind of
collaborationism you know  from the world of chat roulette
now
it’s now the Russians are
talking
but for some reason without a clash between the
highest officers
Why should we run away from straight lines
The fact is that it’s in a direct clear
discussion It’s immediately clear who is the
star-baller so And who can speak on the facts
and this is important  This needs to be pressed,
so I think that it is necessary to show that
all these Russian bloggers are not capable of
a clear constructive discussion, and you
know for whom this is important in the first
place for people from Russia because
they are watched by many Russians But not all of
them are stoned, some are watching
he comes across a Ukrainian Ukrainian
when they see that the bloggers
didn’t roll them out clearly on the facts so
already people’s worldview will change, of
course this is a very
strong weapon, I don’t doubt
you what you want to do in order to
convey the truth to your people and Russian
viewers.
the trend for the future is there
in a month or two And people
will just cut hype donations money on this
What
prevents people from moving there
and doing it Now They do the majority anyway
Because so far it’s not in
style there I call I don’t call  it
works like chat roulette like
freestyle communication Well, in general, I’ll
just say on my own that I really hope that there
won’t be such garbage from our
Ukrainian bloggers, so we’re just with
you when we finish the conversation, I’ll
tell you one more thing that I’m at home  that's
not for the record
Okay, secrets can be made like for
subscribers,
then on the stream on the stream who will
watch me, I'll tell you what I
told Andrey in ko
nce lured at least
throw off Donat in short
for a thousand hryvnias I’ll tell you
I’m a
Russian blogger I’ll
differentiate them into several categories a
sign I already wrote them out
let’s try to compare our
signs
how much
I have and
those who drown for the war Yes, I divide cell phones
to anti-Ukrainian
by three  how many categories did you
catch according to the list
and you mean I just thought you
divided into categories according to the list of bloggers
I wanted to catch I just see there I have already got about
30 people there darkness to war
No well I understand I have such a
character  like me, I had one
nasty one, I caught it, I
really wanted a jacket that
I don’t care who we are, well, like, that is, we
call me an Uzbek jacket, so
I saw it from the very first day I hate
All the fibroids of my soul,
when I mounted it I didn’t
just scoff  how could I, for example, have a
policy like this if a blogger, in principle, he
doesn’t cut, I normally communicate with him as
you had an emergency room and took him out
that is, I recently got into the
dialogue as much as possible
constructively only there at the bottom there are links to
some facts documents if I
hate a blogger
if I have something for him such a direct
disgust effects make my day
I just catch them to watch
trends I  I write out where such a channel
came across. But if I classify it, it means that
there are people who are just hyping themselves and
send me donations there, so this is now a
popular topic, there is something there
, you can see that the system ones, that is, they
work on a certain grid, and I
analyzed what messages they throw
in like that  it is clear that
they are not born on a
situational basis, there is some kind of center that
feeds certain messengers that
need to be sent Well, like Uncle Slava,
probably yes, because his communication with
you I think he just sent him according to the template,
he had to
get out somehow because he  on the stream Well, somehow
I had to leave for my viewers from
this
conversation, I also couldn’t just
say there about  n running running threw you there,
you were a disturbing propagandist and ran away.
Well, there, besides Uncle Slava, there are a Pleiad of
people who can be seen that they are moving forward,
they made videos about them on television,
and so on.
that is, you can see there
clearly
excerpt and when he catches him you can
just see what his name was, some
competently can disassemble it not during a
conversation, then you look at the recordings, you can
directly analyze where how he
manipulates how he moves
out by the way, so between the words my favorite
story he was dismantled in two  minutes, our
Ukrainian tik toker literally caught
him on such a trifle, but you and I couldn’t do
that because there he’s like, not about
politics, not about anything at all,
you know about other things when you are a person from the side
, here she caught that dude on a small thing on a
small thing
one and a half two minutes ran away from him,
or in Ukraine the
translator, and then the dude will not
change the translators from Polish  go to
Ukrainian He asked Ukrainian to
search, she showed Ukraine and Dude,
well, in short, okay, it’s not the point, it can be
cut out, he
says correctly, you say Ukraine to
him, the dude from everything in Truth, the bespectacled man
says Go go to the translator write
write in my opinion in Polish
No somehow he  he said it
didn’t matter
to him to translate, he translated it turned out in
Ukraine and then he changed the
languages \u200b\u200bwith the reverse arrows and it turned out you are Ukrai
e, just with this strength it turns out like
bunch of him in the Crimea, he moves out, he start
to carry just such a confident face,
he starts to carry just absolutely heres
of donat
ons, here Eugene you are well done
I think that such propagandists
should be there after the defeat of Russia
, because we are now hype
hype, but they must know that Ukraine
and the world community will get them, we will not
forget them
in Africa. This was a genocide there,
two tribes of the Congo, in my opinion,
what was there radiosemi kholovka  Where they
piled up that some wrong
things attracted their responsibility and
all these  propagandists from Soloviev
Semin to these brutal chat
roulette makers who simply justify the
war Yes, I think that they should be
held accountable later It's a
matter of time
Israel like got everyone for
two or three years,
I think that's right
Well, well, you can call someone by that
name  by name Here are five people
you read someone exactly paid
who work according to templates who
do what they do
if you look like this is the same there
that Nord Stream Petya the first here this one
lived
Eugene really this is all high
By the way this Petya is
so funny when
but when you look  originally from the village to
monastic
on the border of the Lviv, Ivano-Frankivsk
regions, parents Just then went in the
90s
to Neftyanik for oil to the
Tyumen region;
I don’t know,
therefore, I have some bloggers of all, so I
asked you to recognize you. For example, I  in
that I approach this more systematically, I
study the biographies of people I study, I get
some data that they are not in
public access, we will not tell the
details To understand who is what they
are, it’s just a fool the
real
enemy about just a fool I, for example,
distinguish four types for myself  Russian bloggers,
how do I systematize the
first there, beginner bloggers, they climb
roulette, they work according to manuals
that they take from other bloggers
that they don’t understand above. No critical
thinking,
what does he come in?
people who really are drowning
for Russia,
but it seems to me that they don’t understand what is
happening. He convinced himself so much
that the Nazis are here. I
think there are such people, so he doesn’t understand.
He will drown. He has a large store of
knowledge, but objectivity and critical
thinking he will not have 3 types of people these
are the ones that we discussed with you
which in  everyone understands everything
perfectly well, here they
all understand everything perfectly and don’t do it all on
purpose someone gave birth to hype someone
for the sake of money having good knowledge and the
third type of people are bloggers who
have 10 20 30 thousand subscribers there
who are stupid They  nothing at all There was a
man visiting the Turks he was
with you He’s
stupid for me I’m just Well, he says you
know by patterns and I don’t know who
watches him I wonder where he comes from these people
we look at our mistake from the point of view of our
level of development, like you look at a mouse
How can you watch this [ __ ] And when
the [ __ ] looks at him, he looks at you You
say something in short, he doesn’t
understand that’s all you need, for example
, two doctors are talking Well, in physics
like this
the hard worker's name is
and therefore the same
intellectual gifted individuals look
at him as people visiting the Turks, this is
paradise This was a heel, half an Uzbek Do not
carry a court And in general, he even sits here  the
Nazis are all there, you tell
him, you say it was in March about
Mariupol, he says, I think that he is
deliberately deceiving Why, because
when he was there, two nieces
died there, one type from shelling on the
beach, the other one can be seen a person who would have
died  two nieces, he would be
different for everyone. This is
not discussed, of course, well, he lives in
Togliatti, he has two nieces in
Donetsk
here.
it’s even interesting here.
This is the audience, as I understand it,
they constantly
looked at them
from the other side if there is a huge number on the Internet,
just say stupid
someone is watching, then why don’t they watch
stupid people
Well, in principle, yes, but anyway, I love I
wonder who the people whose  look Okay
There are those whom we previously named There
they somehow manipulate there they have to
manipulate they have some kind of
knowledge base some kind of pattern they are there  getting ready
to read documents But here, in general,
he just can’t identify
such nonsense for two months, it’s well,
when I caught him, he immediately collected it, I started to
double-check already during the conversation
during editing I found three more levels, that
is, dude, talking about him more  since
there are different target audiences. For
example, if we say the one who speaks there
competently And so he, uh, comes to people
who have a certain level
there, there are people who need a person to
visit and for them he is the authority of Chernukha
there are different spectrums of people in society and
for different people they come  different programs and
also different bloggers and, in principle, I’m
further We also get wedged out We have
it there Captain bayraktar watched a couple of
times he just stupidly drives shorter there
swearing at them someone looks at
him in it I told you I wanted to say for him
in  he’s more crazy and brains the plaque is
more very clear
here is the technique of darkness itself Yes, someone needs
to come here he watches the news there is bad
news and he sees  the dude comes in there
loads these Muscovites everything gives him this
subscription so very good social
couple is called we have bloggers
who drive there who are there clearly on the
facts
in
short,
Russian is already difficult to formulate
and in life you speak Russian
or Ukrainian, I can sing in Ukraine,
but in life in Russian, of course, why Well, I
grew up in a Russian-speaking family Well, here
on February 24 you are no longer growing in
Russian-speaking just
go Look I  I live in a free
state I don’t want the Ukrainian
language to be forced on me, it’s still necessary,
I can see I
sang a bed in the first year, 10 years more.
in the fourth grade, I was somewhere before course 2,
I mostly communicated in Russian, because
the environment was Russian-speaking in the
second year, I then  when I got in touch with the
right
national patriotic movements, I
made a decision. I switch to the Ukrainian
language. At first it was a couple of months, it
was withdrawal, and I also quit
drinking alcohol then, and in general I
only drank alcohol for 4 years, somewhere from the
last
call to
one,
and when I started to change
started speaking Ukrainian try
more friends girls
signed up
A year later you already spoke absolutely calmly
now not vice versa
some words some words are hard
to remember Russian
my opinion I do
n’t force anyone to speak
the language he wants to speak, but he
must, I emphasize, must know the
Ukrainian language. This is my opinion so that
when next time, God
forbid, February 24th, all of Ukraine, having switched
to the Ukrainian language, began this
psychological war  when did
Russian technology come here if  if everyone spoke
Russian, this is pain in the Ukrainian sense,
it would be possible that the war would not
last six months
on the way on the way you will speak with them
in Ukrainian or in Russian
about the children
we shared the wife in my opinion in
my opinion I think that  children children
should speak Ukrainian
My child will speak first
Ukrainian Russian English Arabic
here are four languages I will be Ukrainian,
he started calling Ukrainian t
en said No, take me Ukrainian A
abic Well, for n
w We have reached the point that I will speak
krainian  we have a family
and the wife will be in Russian
Well, we decided that’s
understandable. It’s interesting, it just seems to me that
Russian is Russian for understanding to
read, we have enough information
space, but it’s very important
in order to speak Ukrainian with children from childhood
, and
because  how it turns out that
children come to school. There, a
Ukrainian-speaking child begins to bazaar in Russian,
too.
you went to school in Kyiv, everything was fine I learned the Ukrainian language just the same at school I studied, I remember the first notes of Ukrainian I heard from a teacher in a kindergarten, but then I was a little boy miraculously passed And it was just that I went to school for five years school So the third grade there, I already calmly spoke the Ukrainian language normally by the second and I perceive you as a person who is an information warrior What our bloggers are now a very important moment since the substrate on which this Russian Propaganda then lays down a very very twofold conclusion Why Because on the one hand When in the fourteenth year they wanted to cancel the language to cancel the law of August 10, 2013 of the original languages That's when you wanted to Cancel it was a reason to help because it is coming infringement on the one hand, but on the other hand, I think there would be without language, so I don’t  I think
that I don’t think that the Russian language has become fundamental here in the
center of eastern Ukraine.
But on the other hand, on the
other hand, as Farion said, although
I’m not very skeptical either that
if almost all of Ukraine spoke
Ukrainian, the question might not have come on
February 24, 2022  very difficult
very difficult but about children, I
think a child in general, I think that everyone
should know Ukrainian,
but since we have a free country and it has
historically developed Yes, this is a language, how
is it all things But a person must
choose himself I believe that a person must himself
to this  come he should wake up and
say there I would be today I want I
want you to come
wake up tomorrow look for a badge I want
Ukrainian so do it What prevents
because I call it that is your
opinion in relation to mine it's you I do
n't  I want to motivate it
doing fascism
someone didn’t cross over, and that’s
just on you, you can understand your
motivation, why that’s what’s stopping you from
taking and trying for half a year there is a war going
on, you can take yourself to put thoughts there
in three months, try to get friends out there in the family
to
communicate in Ukraine try
Look  I have those I have those of my friends
who crossed over to Ukraine friends Well,
friends, I say friends
who switched to Ukrainian, here
are some with a consciousness of the language, some
without knowledge at all, I communicate with everyone in
Ukrainian
, that is, people when you communicate in Russian
Well, in style  Who speaks
Russian in everyday life as a wife
turns out emotions you express
I can I say I am free
in reality Yes more in Russian of
course to the
subscribers who will watch you
now I’ve driven this
Look you have driven me into a corner you understand
now they won’t write because you are looking for
subscribers  should not just run away,
you should motivate him to switch to
Ukrainian
with Muscovites,
this is very important  you knew me, and you know,
I’m sitting here and I think you are specifically trying
to understand me or not now I already
stood up when you drove me this
very one
I think that this is a very fundamental
issue We can tell the
state everything there, but for now we will start
changing ourselves, how to change
millions if  we don’t want to watch ourselves, for example,
The fact is that changes in ourselves
It’s not only in the language I think that’s
okay, let’s go differently, come on,
people, people who are now protecting us on the
front line, so a person comes,
for example, from the front there, without an arm, without a leg,
he, too  should he switch to the Ukrainian language
or, after all, all that he
put a
part of his body there or
defended our homeland with blood Should he
switch to the Ukrainian language or not
Do you think
I actually manipulated without this
hand I really This is the first question
when  they tell me that everyone should go
when a person goes on the attack yells there the
head of Ukraine he yells in
Russian  for example, yes, well, I just think that the language
is not fundamental, that although there is no
foundation, but it’s just that there is
a very complex and multifaceted question, you can’t
solve it as you want in one gate,
that’s it all the time and I switched all the time I
want one someone to go
the child of thought will speak Ukrainian for
you, it will be enough This or it’s
also good for
myself I immediately said that I’m for the
children to speak everything in Ukrainian,
so the language of languages \u200b\u200bmust be 4 for development, I wil
speak let’s say in Ukrainian the wife
ill speak Russian in pa
allel there will be English  Arabic And the
child should be Ukrainian-speaking all the
point is not even the same simple transition
psychological logic the transition from
Russian to Ukrainian it
should not be a single moment it should be
there gradually in a generation people
now understand people war people have
instructed houses destroyed cities of the day with
the rocket then flew to me twice.
Here I live near a military facility. I
woke up twice in  the place of the alarm clock to the sound of rocket strikes 500 meters from me this is a big stress of the type and here for those who do not know Ukrainian there Yes people who live in the east of Ukraine They will still break themselves switching to Ukrainian this is an extremely difficult question you think you are still trying a child will speak Ukrainian all the point All the questions that we understand they are very complex I want to answer about the military Yes, there are a lot of people who are defending a lot of people who are in roulette if we want to understand me that this is Russification which is from Kyiv from Kyiv Kyiv so earlier Ukrainian-speaking and Kyiv region, people spoke Ukrainian in Ukraine because of the plantings of Soviet Russian culture, so people came to a big city and already somehow even those who came from Ukrainian-speaking villages, they already switched to Russian and it seems to me that we should move move this the process of sending Ukraine should not be dragged out for a generation. It seems to me that this is all
one generation can be done it can be done I agree with you just leading to the fact that people now, for example, like you, how can I do this, but for people, for example, from the same Kharkov, who lie in ruins there for half a year, I think now it’s a little not up to the transition who spoke so in Ukrainian when needed now They communicate across Ukraine I know people from Kharkov who were evacuated and remained in Russian the sign who switched to Ukrainian It seems to me that what is the difference between a person from Kharkov and a person from Kyiv from Mariupol in terms of intellectual I lead to it’s only about the fact that there are more bombings there, because I’m to people of everything that they feel the war more, they don’t have an hour before switching to the Ukrainian language, but maybe vice versa Maybe, on the contrary, this is the Russian world of you, the Russian-speaking one, as it were, I came to protect you in general, I’m talking about this I thought about the transition, this is a topic besides the fact that in my head it was still generally raised in a circle of familiar friends for a Very hour  then I generally
think that after the war Well, at least there
should be some kind of
state, some kind of assistance, a
program for free
Ukrainian courses if it is some kind of public
sector Yes, state employees should have some kind of
benefits, for example, that is, people
should specifically delay the transition to
Ukrainian  for example, if you are a
state employee there, you take
some kind of course, you pass an exam, this is
how you get some kind of salary increase,
but then again, now it’s all clumsy
very very very clumsy no
I’m telling but you I think I’m leading, that
is  the state should have a very strong
influence it’s impossible it’s impossible to do everything
only from the bottom there should be
still help a
huge state right should
be
unambiguous But again, I doubt that children
should know the Ukrainian language Be sure
to know everything, it’s not necessary to speak it, but everyone
should know it and the children already  everyone should
think about the fact that their children
speak Ukrainian, at least at
least until this  you
because many people there are over 50 60
45 but I need to feed my family to
earn money, like, well, and
study at the same time I understand it’s
hard for many,
you and I know two languages, you understand
I learned Ukrainian I learned Ukrainian the
second third grade  I knew when,
for example, I started learning Arabic, in the
seventeenth or eighteenth year, I
understand that in order to learn a language,
but it takes time to write words and learn
something, yes, of course, Russian and
Ukrainian It is closer than Russian Arabic,
but still this time is needed
for this  it takes a lot of time and strength of
energy and costs I understand that it’s not easy to
do today I decided I speak
Ukrainian everything here and some person from
Kramatorsk but he doesn’t know
Ukrainian at all conditionally so I know
one woman This is my mother she was
born  my grandmother turned out to be doctors.
She was born, grew up, graduated from school,
came here, she grew up at all, not
like in Kramatorsk, where there is a TV
there.  news feed it grew up in the
Soviet Union in Kyrgyzstan
I don’t think there is a problem even a
person got into our environment can
learn a
lot implied
that everyone should now switch to
Ukrainian correctly I think that we
should all Ukrainianize our environment as much as possible
Why Because  that we
should not shift this language
conflict to our next generations
if we don’t rake it up now in
10-20 years it will repeat again
you already rake it all up
You smoke but you put the child on
health,
so my wife and I shared one in
Ukrainian and the second in Russian
so that there is no such thing that the child looks
and does not understand what is happening, well,
again, I repeat, I think that I am with
you  here I partly agree
that everyone should know the Ukrainian language, but
if there is a tough one, if there is a tendency, a
tough film adaptation is necessary  Dima, at
least then at least those areas that
are now under shelling Let
them do it not now, but after the
war, so that they solve family problems at the beginning of their
family problems, move away from stress and
then smoothly quietly move on,
so if we come back like this about Russian bloggers, did
you notice  things like they
try to quilt the Ukrainian language there it
starts there tell me how the dragonfly
will be there something the dragonfly flew
somewhere in Ukrainian like a cloud
turned into a cloud like for this there is a
good solution we can give you a
recipe
if you are just fine  you know, maybe
I didn’t know how the dragonfly would be On
this Well, yes, I said, I remember that there was a
Baba or a grandmother And there is also, in my opinion, a
trick of the word How from a vacuum cleaner there was a
question that how the vacuum cleaner will be I say
so and there will be a vacuum cleaner And there is still about
Although the three synonyms could and the gunpowder is
correct If such people come across,
if Ukrainian bloggers are watching us, too,
if you have such a question and you are not sure
what you can pull up Excuse me that
they told you a word in Ukrainian And
you will translate into Russian so it will be much easier,
that is, if you want
to play, you want to play a game with me, come on Well, give me a
question in Ukrainian and that’s all, well,
it’s easier to translate and a person will leave a
stupor Here But  this is complete nonsense
because then you say how the
tank is written there through e or through
for example and he speaks through e and you
tell him there is a little bit wrong letter in general
they are promoting I also noticed
that this is how they got the training manual they are
promoting the topic  That the Ukrainian language is
somehow underdeveloped there, for example, the
cloud turned into a cloud and a person, as
soon as there Khmara pretended to appear in my head
, but this does not mean that the
Ukrainian language is there mini Brother if we
can translate it into Russian itself,
I bought
oil there and
they will have bridges. I bought oil oil and oil
naturally, again, when I
was visiting a Turk, he said that in general
this is Ukrainian  cue it serves a Russian
dude who lives in Russia from Uzbekistan
you know you didn’t look you
know why he decided
Why Because in Ukrainian the
numbers sound the same as in Russian they are
also written the same as in English a
group of languages there will be a mood Just
here 7 minutes there with the sound true
trouble but look there dude lies on the
armor, I explained that there is Polish
Macedonian there is Serbian Croatian
Slavic group of languages Belarusian it all s
unds plus the same and he broug
t me English Uzbek
and Tajik, that is, Three diffe
ent groups of languages I say it's okay there are t
ese types of Lenin  crea
ed Ukraine, and so on. Of course, it seems to me
that it was. That's when the beginning of this war
was a
little less than the article
does not exist that Lenin created
Ukraine in the one in which he is now, and
so on and so on, now
this Austrian
General Staff Poles began to appear again and  etc. That is,
not Lenin already rolled back again They seem
I notice  l such a topic. I think you also
saw it among all non-bloggers. But
about ordinary guys, the inhabitants of Russian chat
roulette, they have some kind of trend every week.
Here the first trend was the shelling of the
south of the beach; the
second trend in a week is
Aliya Angelov; the third trend is about worms
if I heard
And now I don’t know where they get it from but
every week there is some kind of trend
about the Ukrainian Russian there was a trend for
Bulakov I didn’t hear
There he kind of
loved Ukraine
and how he called the Ukrainians bloomers
[music]
and he has
his Lord in this work
some turbines are not turbines there, how
in Ukrainian there will be a code like Kit And how
will Kit be in Ukrainian, it’s like and freezes
So they also asked this question what
type of flour and akishka type will the cat
be like Gut Gut Well, that is, people,
too, yes There was a story
the very word surname like
you is an old word, like Tricolor, these
golden people are strange Well, in general,
they mocked them at the Ukrainian language, she
restrained me more because the
Ukrainian language is much more
it’s more beautiful than Russian, it’s straight Ukrainian, it’s for me personally in songs, especially Russian, it suits the elements for a chatterbox, I don’t know how to write rap, but Ukrainian it sounds like that And it sounds good, so when they say that there is your capelin there, all these conversations about the fact that nifiga serves there, the language is many times more beautiful And by the way, about the language that I wanted to summarize The fact is that I don’t speak Russian, you mixed up the Kyiv Direct of the Ukrainian language with me, not the Russian language, this Kyiv divides the Ukrainian This is my Trolling over the Russians for this I forgot something I wanted [music] I don’t remember I don’t remember I often ask Russians a question or some feel against the war or they feel guilty their responsibility for this Do you think we should show them that every citizen is responsible for this they call special operations, I’ll tell you more, I have an opinion about how we say thinking Russians, it has changed a lot to  when the person whom I spoke earlier
interviewed a little bit, he says that
there are almost no normal Russians, it’s
still not enough for a person to
sit from a roulette table and say that we
are going through all the things to you there, man, we are
you so this is Ukraine, we are Putin, we don’t like
Putin to
transfer money  for volunteering, the idea was
glued together on fire, the military registration and enlistment offices, I
don’t know, at least pierce the wheels of the cars
on which the letters Z to do something.
Who has enough of all these conversations,
that is, for me, a person for me, a
person who simply empathizes with us
without doing anything and opens roulettes
for me  no better than a
wino some kind of discount letter Z they are
for me they are everything for me point Therefore,
about and at the expense of responsibility Yes on
some more on some less But I
believe that every Russian uh is
responsible for what happened
In addition to those Russians who left the
country before the 24th, I would
not lay responsibility on them, maybe
some minimal  oh, I think it’s unlikely
That is, it turns out Pugachev who
left the country, I’m talking about ordinary
Russians Pugachev has influence
She understood that here it will be how the nuts will be
tightened, she usually starts with a cycle
for me and everything for her grandmothers is shorter there is an
opportunity to earn And I’m talking about
ordinary  people who have no
influence who at the everyday level say
maybe it’s time to glue leaflets there, and
so on and on
who is listening to us from Russia, I still
think that I
also share the idea that if you just
sit sympathizing with Ukraine, this is all
garbage
killing someone  on the street you sit and
sympathize coffee sympathize Find
how you can help you can’t somehow
radically Find comments there
leave under Ukrainian videos at
least if this all found you have the
courage also more Russians
need to do something start small so
move on
don’t  I understand
what it is, how bad children kill
our country with a
weak look, very bad, I have a bad
heart.  you know, I remembered
such a topic, so we started talking with you.
It was probably the third day of
my roulette score, I didn’t record.
Damn, I had a man who said
that he was surrounded by him all for this
war and he was against
to speak to someone and it seems that here he speaks to a
man he speaks Tomorrow we go to a
single picket and then two days pass
without communicating Bach the man changes back
I can’t understand now it
really told me this really the
truth I thought it was just a joke from me
You know  rarely there are people there I believe
that changes in a person’s head do not
happen in one day
it’s hard to work with your friends and
explain for a month you have to drip you have to dig the
same thing someone says that why you
communicate with them there, counting years you wo
n’t prove anything but I  I say that this systemic
activity of ours, which is seen there by
thousands and hundreds of thousands, so it bears
fruit. By the way, you have an audience, how it
is divided by my
statistics  cents Ukraine up to 10 percent of Russia
10 percent of the rest of the countries and I didn’t
monitor, I’m just that I’m that much
Then I don’t follow everything on YouTube at all, the
situation is interesting even by
subscribers I all came almost all came
short films like that and how to
judge them  I can’t say the percentage
that watches me from long videos of
short films, they are all there for
a minute or so
I
stopped tracking how subscribers began to grow
I can’t I only by comments I
try to read all the comments
I try I will read all the comments and
basically if so  comments 90
percent of Ukraine is already further there No,
probably 80 percent of Ukraine 10
percent of Russia, but this is 10 percent, they
are constantly growing and the rest is
Belarus Kazakhstan, here is Poland, but more,
probably less, mainly Belarus
Kazakhstan  that my share of Russia increased;
I had Russia somewhere 5-  6 percent
now has grown to 8-10
somewhere they start to watch more
more my situation is just on the channel
it’s very non-standard
analytics for me in any case it
won’t show it won’t show my
statistics because it’s
correct statistics because
I’ll repeat  everyone came, the majority came
here, it’s almost impossible to understand short films who watches
serious content.
It can if we create an additional
page in the sense that I have already created
it
.  answer
there in my opinion You can specifically
look at its audience for each video Even
so, he needs it I think that analytics needs
to be studied I haven’t figured out all the nuances myself yet
, but there’s a lot of
interesting things you can pull out in order
to understand your audience So where does it
move move
i got it how i started
blogging i  I understood what lack of
time is,
and before that you didn’t know what
lack of time was. Before that, I was a
very tough workaholic, and now I remain one, but
I always lived according to the schedule, I could
plan, I was never
late for anything, that is,
they said at three, I’m already ten  I stand
everything clearly, I just started blogging,
I started to be late I can never
go out during the Stream, for me it
takes a lot of time, so I
even know I even lay down,
I probably couldn’t think freely about what
analytics should still often I didn’t say
I understand what you really need it’s
easier I didn’t have time no
now it’s easier for you all the
material you caught the person you threw into
this tell me how the sound corrected the
render put went drank coffee laid out
And I need to come up with the effect of a joke I
also dabbled at first I first
tried  to mount, but first of all, I’m not an
editor.
I saw that it takes a
lot of time, not in proportion to the exhaust,
that is, people want more about  a hundred even
conversations without any effects so well,
so that they are regular, so I’m
basically tired. Here it is to mount
some effects there, cut it now, so they
serve conversations.
Well, even a 20-minute dialogue, for example,
cut out mats from there.
it was necessary there
how many tabs somewhere, maybe two times
, somewhere up to 15, shorter to throw at the time to
show the document there with links to
sources, highlight all this, it also
takes a lot of time. That is, it’s just
not fun to conduct a dialogue.
you are right to make you more literate
, secondly, you teach the public, that is, the
public looks and thinks, you can
pause to read the protocol there, there is
some way it turns out, you
visualize your words
Well, this also takes time, plus everything
intercontent, namely the content, it has no
effects  doesn't exist
you've seen
cool special effects themes yourself I've
just finished watching yours
Imagine without  special effects, all
this would be just, well, there’s simply nothing, and
so you catch some kind of jamb of a dude, you
exaggerate him and it turns out funny
time, for example, it takes processing
one small video there
10 to 10 minutes video
if it’s funny cuts, then 6-8 hours
Therefore, if this is a video  for the same 6-8
hours For example, I processed the last interview
with the same Lviv and 40-minute video with the same Lviv and 40-minute video
in 4 hours I also made a man in 4 hours no I
threw all the bets of all the effects I
revised I checked I
subdued the sound I made the color correction
shorter the
whole story That  there is if the usual if the
usual dialogue is there for 10-15 minutes and there are
three four inserts then how many hours
more it is processed and
poured than you process it
As a blogger in six months a year there
Good questions I think I can’t
judge yet, but
for me how the war will end  if the war
ends straight Straight, in general, that's one hundred
percent, so how would I see it for myself here with
reparations there, well, I won't
say that  that I think that my work will be
finished. That is, I will have to help
here already there, urban planning,
for example, design to go there. Maybe,
again, I started as a blackberry,
now I’m already being thrown over
a more serious topic, interview people,
communicate, make long dialogues of 30 without
obscenities.  I’ve already become with everyone the last
trend has gone for two weeks I’m
already trying to communicate with everyone But somehow the
other side is starting to change me
maybe I
just don’t know maybe I will maybe I won’t
if I see that my work is finished then that’s
all I
am I’m here for you too  I clearly see that I
will develop this direction. I used to
lead Facebook like this and I see that YouTube is a
very powerful platform for conveying
my thoughts to a wide range of people,
so if it ends, if the
war ends, the problems of
our neighboring state, they
will not disappear
and that’s all If you have  influence on a
certain amount of society, so
if you can convey to them some
why leave it alone  even
if there is no time Most likely I would do it
so I now see myself as I
see myself on September 1, 2022 that I would take
up solving problems in my country
here I like it again I like
urban planning ergonomics inside the
city, that is, air-conditioned buses
low landing to make it comfortable for
grandmothers, this is how Varlamov does it.
Now I stopped watching, it
always undermines inside the country.
year That
my blogger It's just like a dude who
talks at roulette or with someone Let's
distinguish between if I see that in roulette
my task is done, point I
immediately stop in the future how to
develop it, depending on what it
can result in, I don't know just  I say
it changes very quickly I started out as a
chernushnik now I already have videos that are
more calm then there than funny
jesters  ki is not there anymore, it’s not about [ __ ] boobs
Excuse me, you know, well, we’ll see, it’s
very hard, but I would love to
help the country, of course.
So
, including our citizens, the problems in
our country are they need them,
because this is the only way we can change
our country across the bridge,
but with the fact that we certainly have some kind of
influence, for example, by watching us
People listen to our opinion then
then it’s so easy to throw
it away too, again, it’s not a matter of time, the question of income,
too, you don’t want to do it all, it means that
it’s free, but when you, for example,
have nothing for a child there, you tell
that in our country there the facade is poorly
done Yes, to do something about it  also
so you need to look for balance I think you need to look for
balance in everything
and how old are you By the way,
I’ll go if this is the first child somewhere
You are 25
6 another option
more or less more than 30 somewhere I burned shorter on one of my videos [laugh] [music] I found 90 for me this is the best time in my life in fact because childhood Yes, we have been talking there for about ten hours Maybe some final farewell we’ll give the audience after the audience [music] read the documents develop critical thinking, watch less Russian-speaking bloggers Russian bloggers I didn’t catch it on purpose I said I wanted to see the reaction see parting words Well, just develop spiritually physically mentally the most important thing is not to waste time swelling Listen listen to the sirens This is very important and Don’t do it, because when, for example, we woke up under the rockets twice and then people came to Kyiv after the first time, mums clapped during the siren on the street, people are not used to it because the siren needs to go home, so you can’t listen to the siren until the war is over, observe the curfew be sure not to blow up fireworks fireworks because on  it spears
people very strongly and firecrackers bang you there,
I read about what was on some kind of
food you launched fireworks fireworks but it’s
just that after my arrivals I’m
thunder I’m like this right away but it’s scary
very scary That’s what else to say
develop Learn the Ukrainian language so that
funny videos If you want to break away
laugh for
sure So you, I think that it’s right
to make our people laugh and it’s very
very cool, so don’t be discouraged and
spread the fun further around
you, whatever you want to eat, wished the
rest
should not be discouraged Because  when we
say
this, enemy Propaganda suffers from a filter very easily falls on us,
and so on
when a happy person has a completely
different perception of the world and he charges people around him with
this perception of people, therefore,
each of you, too, of you, an action
walking such
that there are fathers to children friends  we know the
enemy
is cool, ours are there
and those who watch me from my channel
Everyone go to Andrey I oh  I put a link
in the description in an
interesting format, because we, since we are
in absentia, like joining with the Russians, go
there, I'm your videos We are all there and it's
interesting for the audience to see Yes,
live, calmly, maybe someday we will do
it for 3-4 bloggers, some kind of movement
there  let's talk our guys do it all the
time there Odessa junta, this
Kievan Rus, in my opinion, or There, this one is
shorter, here they are sitting there for three by four
people talking It's cool, she
won't see it
because sometimes even in the middle
partly You even convinced me a little
bit  - as soon as you sowed the seed for me, as it were,
Ukrainian shares inside
I may even know with you that I agree with you
that it’s not necessary to start now in a generation.
Yes, indeed.
why not
maybe there not today tomorrow i'll be
whatever thoughts we get we have
a defensive reaction first me here me
too anyone e  mu
then, when somewhere it remained, it was
experienced, it looks completely different,
so I still, yes, I think that
we need to fight for this, too, our
front, the more Ukrainian there is, the
more we have less of the Russian Empire, I
’m still for it  that the Russian Empire
should fall apart into
separate states of the national Bashkirs
Buryats and so on.
So we still have a lot of work to do
with